Books, music, movies, magazines, we've all had the pleasure of seeing/reading/watching our favorites, but many are considered unsatisfactory in their content to younger children. Parents, now than ever, are concerned about how their children are raised, and are always looking to clear inappropriate things away from their lives. Things with heavy violence, gore, language and even scenes of sexual content, all of these are wanted by all parents to be censored from their childs' eyes. There are many reasons why parents worldwide wish to hide these things from the eyes of the young, such as; personal influence, emotional growth and even the chance of a child becoming disobedient to the parent. These are all valid reasons why some things should be removed from the public eye.     Again, we've all read or heard things that affect us personally, maybe you read on how you can make your life happier, or maybe you heard an inspirational song that conviced you to follow your dreams. Well, this is also true for everyday books, movies, magazines or music. If someone is introduced to something telling of a life with hatred or someone living in a violent way, it can influence a young reader to wish to live the same style of life if it sounds even a little remotely fun. True, children are encouraged to have fun, but to a certain, but safe extent.     These are even known to affect someone's emotions. Maybe a great song that made you happy, or a movie that made you laugh. But it is true the opposite way as well. Songs that are dark and have a gloomy feeling to them can make a person feel depressed, or a scary movie @MONTH1 leave a person with a new fear or a nightmare in their sleep the same night. It has even been known that some children are left traumatized for life just because they weren't ready for what they saw in certain violent and gorey scenes. These are all things that parents want to keep away from their children in order to keep them safe. People are very easily moved by any form of information, song and story alike. It is our responsibility to keep the good influences around and keep the bad ones away.     Children are easily affected in behavior, maybe they just saw a movie of @CAPS1 @CAPS2 and thought he was so cool and they wanted to be just like him. If a child is exposed to a movie of great violence or bad influence, the child @MONTH1 then start following what happened in it and begin not listening to their parents. It is only right to keep these bad influences away until they are able to handle things so violent or misfortunate.     So yes, certain materials should be taken away from the public eye, for the safety of the community and for its' children. Books, movies, music, magazines - We've all seen/read/listened to them, but what have they influenced on you? Have you become a better person for doing so? Or a worse one? Or maybe you weren't affected at all? We need to be careful about what is available to us and to the rest of the world. Keeping the bad things away from our children and from anyone who can be influenced in a negative way is a top priority for any one person, group or business.
