Dear local newspaper, @CAPS1 you ever see a child on the computer for hours and nothing could get them off? Well I believe that this is very harmful for the child since it doesn't allow them to exersice, interact face to face with people or use their minds to the best of their @NUM1. The more and more we advance in society we get laziar and forget to about these essential things. I think taking a step back from using computers could benefit society more than using them. Obesity in the @LOCATION2 is at its highest @PERCENT1 of kids in the @LOCATION3 agree that they only exersice once a week and would rather spend time on the computer. Think of this, @PERCENT1 of kids. Thats more than @NUM2 of @CAPS2 children. I took the and compared it in @CAPS3 children who don't the benefit of this technology. I learned that @PERCENT1 of children there exersice only once a week. That's for less what these computers are doing to @LOCATION3 @PERCENT2 of children are overweight and @PERCENT3 of them develope heart of blood problems as adults. I by exercise in to go and play with friends or bike, or go for a jog. It doesn't sound hard does it? If we make a to spend this than on computers I think we can reduce this obesity amount and I believe @CAPS2 ran as on overall country. On the computer we have popular websites like @CAPS5, @CAPS6, and @CAPS7. More websites allow you interact with people over the island. This could be in more ways than one. These computer websites are allowing anyone to talk in people who could have the interest in mind. More than @NUM3 out of @NUM4 people in my school say they have one of these accounts and have personal posted on them. With this personal info, could and with these websites the crime rate has gone up @PERCENT4. Also, these websites cause people to their social skills. People spend hours on these websites talking to people and forget how to talk face to face. @PERCENT2 of @LOCATION1 students say they would say something online that they wouldn't say to someone's face. This creates more problems in schools and could possibly make someone hurt someone else or themselves. I've heard all over the news about suicides and because of computers and I believe with less of them people would spend more time with their family and or nation would be closer and safer. Computers dont allow you to explore nature and use your mind to the best of its ability. Computers make it easy and I myself, think it makes me laziar because it allow me to read a book there or read about other people, instead of going to a library and getting a book. Computers take away time to actually use your mind and problem solve in real life solution. There's years and I've learned I can be on the computer for hours playing them and not realize it at all. Without them, would make a difference. Kids are living through computers and we can change them.
